abaroody_aziff

Names: Alex Baroody, Adam Ziff
Assignment: 2

What Alex Baroody contributed to this Assignment:
I typed during the pair programming of reg.py.
Afterwards, I focused my time on making the GUI
and connecting to the server. I also parsed the arguments
for both reg.py and regserver.py, reading the documentation
in order to make sure that the points we lost last time
wouldn't be lost this time. Next, I went through the
assignment specs and made sure all of the errors were
handled. I also performed lots of the initial debugging,
while Adam and I worked together to do most of the testing.
Finally, I developed an intimate relationship with pylint
as I edited, checked, and edited the code again to conform
with pylint's standards. Specifically, I refactored a lot
of our code into helper methods and more distinct blocks,
as well as making lots of constants to avoid hard coding
numbers.

What Adam Ziff contributed to this Assignment:
I did the initial creation and setup for reserver.py,
bringing over the relevant code from Assignment 1. I pair
programmed with Alex for setting up the GUI in reg.py. I
also wrote our get_detail() database query in reserver.py
to match the style detailed in Prof. Dondero’s Ed post,
turning it from one big query into multiple smaller queries
and returning a cleaner array of only the data we need
instead of a massive array of tuples with each db row. I
helped debug and test both programs, running the reference
programs while Alex ran our programs and pointed out several
key distinctions including the need to sort Professors and
Crosslistings.

Resources: (NOTE: do we have to cite our own re-used code? do we have to include all the same links from Assignment 1?)
https://www.delftstack.com/howto/python/stringbuilder-in-python/
https://javahungry.blogspot.com/2021/05/charat-python.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15561608/detecting-enter-on-a-qlineedit-or-qpushbutton  
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3382352/equivalent-of-numpy-argsort-in-basic-python

Assignment Assessment:
This assignment was fun! The GUI is much nicer than the
command line; however, it's more challenging to test.
There were a lot more corner cases/exceptions this time,
and having to rewrite one of our queries took a long time.

Time Spent:
12 hours total
8 hours of pair programming
4 hours each of individual programming
